---
layout: post
title: Warm-up Sketchbook 07/13/15
categories:
 - stories
 - sketchbook
---

*Fantasy/Magic: You are living in an evil and corrupt city. Your character is reclusive and has no status in society. You have two pet dragons. You must unite humanity under one leader to face a larger threat.*

Zorn was petting a red scaled beast resting on his lap. I could almost swear he was purring. The dragon, that is. A second dragon was curled up next to his feet. This might have seemed charming if the two pets were not fire breathing devils, owned by an antisocial magus who was only ever seen in public twice. Both times are generally regarded as not the most pleasant visits. Although that was before the new party arrived. The definition of pleasant has since shifted. Not for the better, might I add.

<!--more-->

He lifted his finger to signal me to come closer. Hesitantly I made my way to the steel chair at the head of the table.

“Well.”

It wasn’t a question. In fact I wasn’t sure what that was supposed to mean. Probably that I should leave.

“well…” I hesitated. “Look, I know you don’t care. And that’s fine. It’s been fine for years now. We don’t really want that to change. I can’t even imagine what it would be like if you actually cared. Oh gods, that would be a complete disaster-”

“Get to the point.”

“Right...I...”

“NOW!” The two dragons lifted their heads, the purring stopped, and they slowly shifted their focus to me.

“We need you, Zorn. You’re the only one who can get a hold of the capitals.”

“That is inaccurate.”

“But it is! Everyone else has been taken, or worse, converted by the party. Gosh darn it, if I had the spells I’d do myself...”

“You can have the spells.”

“You would do that?”

“I don’t want any part in this. I don’t care for your silly politics.”

“This has gone far beyond politics. There is something very wrong going on here. I mean, they closed ‘Pots and Bat Wings’ and no one can figure out where Ruth disappeared to. And the pub around the corner, you know the one, lava something…”

“Lava Pit.”

“Right! They found out that a bunch of us were getting together there...and...and...Zorn, we’re desperate.”

“You had your secret political movement in the Lava Pit?! It was the only place clear of all that filth, and you brought it there?!”

“We didn't have secret meetings! It was the only place where we could have a drink without getting snitched on by some party youth. And now it’s gone.”

“You should not have brought this to the Lava Pit. You right wing scum!”
“So you’re not gonna help us.”

Zorn lowered his gaze, and returned to petting the dragon in his lap. He seemed to have disappeared again into his own world, like he always does. This was a long shot anyway. They all told me so. I guess I’m just too naive. I mean what do you expect from a loner who spends most of his time with fire breathing reptiles. With a sigh I turned to walk away.

“Is Saffron all right?” A low tone torn from a distant place.

“We...we don’t know. We can’t find her either.” My voice broke. “And she had nothing to do with any of it...”

“I will help you find her.”


***

This is a warm-up sketch. Find out more <a href="/07-13-2015/sketchbook/">HERE</a>.