---
layout: post
title: Warm-up Sketchbook 07/30/15
categories:
 - stories
 - sketchbook
---

*SciFi/Space: You are within a densely populated city on a colonized planet. The reason for the ship's / colony's existence has been hidden from its occupants. Your character has trouble adjusting to their new life. World War Three resulted in one globally unified government.*

“Move to Pluto, they said. It’s the hip place for young professionals, they said. Well it doesn’t look like anyone is really interested in this young professional.” Nick pointed two thumbs at himself.

This gesture didn’t seem to amuse the administrative assistant with whom he was sharing his woes. “I’m sorry, Mr. Frankford. But the other candidate was simply better qualified for this position. But we will gladly keep your resume on file, should any more appropriate positions open up in the future.”

“You do that, Ms. Botinelly. You do that.”

<!--more-->

“Is there anything else I can help you with, Mr. Frankford?”

Nick considered responding with a joke about needing help with money and/or food. But after examining the harsh look on the young assistant's face he decided his wit and charm would be better applied to a more worthy cause. “No, Ms. Botinelly, I believe you’ve done everything your company would be willing to do for me.” He sighed and turned to walk away.

“Good day, Mr. Frankford.”

“We’ll see about that...” he muttered to himself.

A cold wind struck Nick as he walked out the building. He popped the collar on his cheap suit to shield himself from the cold and the disapproving stares of the crowded street. This was supposed to be much easier. His education and experience was supposed to be sufficient. Now he’ll have to ask his roommate for another loan for the rent. Patrick can afford it of course. He didn’t make the mistake of studying to be a theoretical physicist. He was a programmer at Bloot; improving the performance of interplanetary teleportation. Unfortunately they weren’t looking for a theoretical physicist. They already had one. A Nobel prize winning one.

Should have stayed on Mars, he told himself once again. And once again he reprimanded himself for falling for those damn hipster commercials calling for the smart youth to join the new Pluto colonies. What a load of bullshit. It wasn’t the commercials though that brought him here. He wasn’t willing to admit that yet, but as with many of his rash decisions, this was the result of an infatuation. And all his friends were moving here anyway...as he let his thoughts drift back to the going away party they all had on Mars, a strange sensation yanked him back to reality. Someone was watching him.


***

This is a warm-up sketch. Find out more [HERE]({% post_url 2015-07-13-sketchbook %}).